Register token (#1469)
iotaledger/iota-wiki: docs/build/isc/v1.0.0-rc.6/docs/how-tos/token/register-token.md

---
description: How to register a native token as ERC20
image: /img/logo/WASP_logo_dark.png
tags:
  - ERC20
  - EVM
  - how-to
---

import Ownership from '../../_admonitions/_ownership.md';
import Payable from '../../_admonitions/_payable.md';

# Register Tokens

To properly use your native tokens, you should register them as ERC20 using the `registerERC20NativeToken` function from the ISC magic contract.

## Example Code

<Ownership/>

> 1. First we check if the payed amount to the contract is the same as the [storage deposit](/learn/protocols/stardust/core-concepts/storage-deposit) we want to allow and set the allowance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Check if the amount paid to the contract is the same as the required [storage deposit](/learn/protocols/stardust/core-concepts/storage-deposit)
   and set the allowance.
```

We should probably make this into a reusable phrase like we do with admonitions

Author: Wdym? A partially imported markdown?
